guys dude I'm in a dream you know hi
guys and welcome back to another video
so you are looking at the sweatiest mess
I've showered but I need to fully like
transform this space because this is
today's makeup and so I'm gonna wipe all
that off I'm going out for my friend's
birthday this evening I'm super excited
I tried to get start getting ready
earlier but you know I got a bit
distracted like never got offenders you
know you get ready for a night out like
time just fly through your hand I'm
gonna transform myself to night out like
glam I've got I've had she got a coffee
you know thinking like the weirdest
thing ever like I can't drink whilst I'm
getting ready you just I've done it once
in my lifetime and I had like an either
stuck to my forehead so never again
Sunday afternoon I'm wearing and no
Polly dress and I kid you not I don't
know why I haven't order from now before
I show you the restaurants have makeup
done I don't know I describe hair up or
hair dance this dress is ridiculous it
fits like a glove like it fits so I'm
definitely gonna order more off Oh Polly
especially flat Valentine's Day coming
out cute is this packaging that my dress
care of you sitting down like I've got a
load of time but I am on a bit of a tart
sketch let's get a move on so I'm just
using some granny and micellar water I'm
just gonna wipe off all that foundation
I've got my eyebrows laminated if you
saw my Instagram story and I mentioned
all of the online but and then I'm gonna
go in with and then I'm gonna use my
ultra facial cream Kiehl's need to read
good primer if anyone knows of a really
decent primer
I'd love to know about what Barcelona
sheer glow I'm just gonna pop my
foundation on absolutely love this
foundation it's so it's a really nice
coverage and you can really build it
I've only recently kind of started
putting my foundation on with a Beauty
Blender and I'm absolutely a little bit
like it's a really different finish so
that's my foundation tone and then I'm
gonna pop on it so much concealer I've
been using this Maybelline
to concealer thing it's in shade number
one in a lie it's so good like this is
the best concealer I've owned try for a
while now I don't just put it underneath
mother I don't go too close to my actual
like eye crease and then I just kind of
leave this to set whilst I do the rest
of my makeup like in about a week I'm
going to Chile and Uruguay me and Mason
but that yesterday I think I've never
been to South America but I'm really
excited to just hope this whole like
coronavirus thing well just clears up
and I like to get it more under control
because it sounds like I'm gonna do my
brows I'm just gonna use my eyelid dip
brow and go through some of the gaps no
not really no I'm gonna use my
provisions to my eyebrow gel and I'm
just gonna brush on the brows right up
to the ceiling
yes I actually do the strangest eyebrows
ever like they're like they're not thick
they're just like long in night I must
sleep on this side they always go really
funny so in the past month have the cut
a couple of the same kind of messages
we're going to the gym and stuff like do
I drink and also like if I do drink what
mixers do I have and what low-calorie
options are there and my opinion is I
don't drink for me I would drink that
off so when I do like I don't restrict
stuff like I do like a cocktail what I
receive the are like high-calorie and
full of sugar and but if you are like a
regular drinker like when I was a
student I generally stick to like white
spirits so like gin or vodka and then
just had like slimline tonic or like
diet coke just anything sugar-free and
that's like half the calories of like so
normal
rum and coke forever so that is a little
hack but don't feel like you have to
restrict yourself or not go out because
that is not the case at all
everything in a nice like balance and
for example today so as I know I'm going
out like I haven't had as many I haven't
had as many meals as I would normally
something I'm going to have a big dinner
tonight
then I'll probably drinkin stuff but
it's not like a couple of men starved
myself but I've had breakfast nurture
but just a smaller kind of portion and
that's how that's my approach to it and
I just don't stress really at least it
look at this side the while I'm not a
new problem maker policies like if you
do make versus you're probably thinking
what the hell is she
that's the browser pretty much don't
really and now I'm gonna do I am when
you've got me I'm gonna do my eyes I'm
gonna go for a smoky kind of vibe so I'm
using like a sandy color I'm using a
morphe palette that I've had for two
years I think persons in it's lasted
absolutely ages and has all like this in
that because I I don't really like I do
a makeup pretty much the same but or if
I'm going out over I'll just put on some
lashes and I haven't actually straighten
my hair or curly I would not put any
heat on my hair
not even blow dry not blow dry that or
literally no heat whatsoever since
December that but I'm gonna go come a
few seconds without getting these eyes
are almost like I think that's about
just gonna make in a bit dark it's hard
to see in this lighting so feather
darker if I just go in with like a a
harder kind of brush just using a lot of
white dark Browns right now
so my ultimate favorite lip combo at the
moment is Mac stripped-down lip pencil
with honey love but I put a bit of
foundation on my actual lips and then
I'm just going to lie
[Music]
but a bit like that and then I get my
brush and then just blend so I probably
go back over there I'm just gonna blend
out my foundation or concealer as well I
like doing this after optimize as well
we do get a bit of fuller through that I
don't run out of time to have a drink
here so I'm good to him I think I'll
take a drink in the car pre-drinks pre
doing through my taxi driver standard
but I don't remember when I lived in
London it obviously way before I met
Mason I was going on a date and I was I
think I was like really nervous or
something I was I'm like a bit younger
and like I don't know that took like a
wallet plastic water bottle but I didn't
have any like mix or anything so I just
put pure vodka
I was absolutely like hammered token
German by the time that I've got to meet
this guy and he's I he had a drink and
I'm sure it wasn't even that late in the
evening I've made the mistake so many
times with my powder of like leaving it
I like baking that sometimes I leave it
on a bit longer and then in photos oh
god it's just like horrendous right next
is my lashes that's already next I'm
using and Queen ones I actually really
like these you've got to cut them quite
short but I absolutely love these
they're just these ones so I'm going to
pop them on and then I'll come back on
the camera so here is my finished alert
I'm so happy with it this dress is
absolutely amazing and then I've gone
for a hair up and a smoky yard I'm just
gonna wear like some clear got in the
biggest rush and I was that ocean so the
finish my makeup sized too quickly do it
I'm a bit of really a bit late but I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
um and yeah let me know if you want to
see any more about this star like get
ready with me or anything and I'll see
you guys
dude I've never dream yeah I'll see you
guys in the next video